Slogan:
Wedding Videos that last an eternity.

Book Now:
We want you to remember your special day for all eternity. We know that each wedding is 
individual and unique, and we want to capture that for you. Book your videographer now!

Mission:
Our mission is provide the highest quality videos that show each aspect of the couples 
weddings. From the decor to the couple to the ceremony. It is vital for everyone to 
remember their special day and we provide affordable methods to remember their day for 
eternity.

People will visit our site to find experienced affordable videographers that can provide
the service that we offer.

People will want to know how expensive our services are, how the process works, how soon
they can expect the finished video, and how invasive the filming process will be.

Visitors will want to book videographers.

The information that is necessary will be to know how much money the videographers cost, 
and the availablitiy of the videographers.

Visitors will choose our site over others because we offer more affordable prices then
any other on the market.

Pricing:
Our videographers are the most experienced in this industry. They all undergo a testing
process that shows that they are capable of a high quality product. The pricing is $800 
up front for the product. This allows us to maintain our equipment and to continue
marketing for our business. We are open to negotiations.

We are available for any day of the week as long as you book us in advance. So don't 
hesitate! Book us now so we can make sure that we can get you videographers for your
special day!

FAQ:
Q: How invasive are the videographers?
A: It just depends on how you want the video in the end! Our videographers can stay out
of the way or they can be up close and personal. It just depends on what final product
you are looking for!

Q: What cameras do you use?
A: We use Sony A7iii with a wide variety of G-Master lenses. We believe these cameras to
be amongst the highest quality available to us. We also use a few different gimbals to 
make sure the video is smooth. Aerial footage is available upon request.

Q: How does the video turn out?
A: We always schedule a brainstorming session before the wedding day. This allows our
videographers to fully understand the final product that the couple is looking for.
These sessions typically take around one hour. Examples are available upon request.
